Update Guest SB doc to reflect next release behavior (#170)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/guides.md

> To install or modify the certificates on the **pool**, use the `secureboot-certs` command line utility. See [Configure the Pool](#configure-the-pool). Once `secureboot-certs` is called, the XAPI DB entry for the pool and all the hosts is populated with a base64-encoded tarball of the UEFI certificates. *The certificates are still not installed on disk, they only exist in the XAPI DB*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install or modify the certificates on the **pool**, use the `secureboot-certs` command line utility. See [Configure the Pool](#configure-the-pool). Once `secureboot-certs` is called, the XAPI DB entry for the pool is populated with a base64-encoded tarball of the UEFI certificates. Note: on XCP-ng 8.2.x, at this stage, *the certificates are still not installed on disk*: they only exist in the XAPI DB*. See "Host disk certificates synchronisation" below.
```

> Host Disk certificate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Host disk certificate synchronization:
```

> - The certificates are updated on the host's **disk** (in `/var/lib/uefistored/`) if they don't exist yet or differ from the ones in XAPI database, this happens at any UEFI VM startup in XCP-ng 8.2 and starting from next release it will happen at XAPI startup instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On XCP-ng 8.2.x, the certificates are updated on the host's **disk** (in `/var/lib/uefistored/`) each time a UEFI VM starts on the host, if needed.
- On any more recent release (8.3 or above), the disk certificates are synced from XAPI directly when `secureboot-certs install` is run, and again at every XAPI startup afterwards if needed.
```

secureboot-certs clear
```

:::tip

> Note that this does not remove the certs from the VMs nor from disk on XCP-ng 8.2.

Reviewer: Ambiguous. One may understand that it's only on XCP-ng 8.2 that certs are not removed from VMs.

I would also write 8.2.x here and below so that people are not confused as to whether the comment applies to 8.2.1 or not.

> - On XCP-ng 8.2: to remove them from disk, remove the ".auth" files for the certs you'd like to remove, on every host (found in `/var/lib/uefistored/`).

Reviewer: It would be good to explicitly state that on any version above 8.2.x, certs *will* be removed from disk on every host in the pool.
